hey have you seen this shit have you
seen liking you with this item okay if
you haven't get here I found some
footage for you
you
so basically it of our itself has 30
base on hit magic damage and can stack
up to 30 times champions i'll give you
one stack large camps don't give you one
stack but scuttle crab now gives you two
for some reason courage the cowardly dog
now keeps track your stats and for some
reason when you get to 30 he commits
sodoku and merges with the wielder to
become sated devourer once you get sated
you now have this passive called phantom
hint that doubles every on hit affect
every other auto attack now listen
there's no beating around the bush this
item is extremely broken but what does
this all mean to you as a player to put
it nicely you're about to get shafted
senseless by mastery and Shyvana why
because if you don't ban them out you're
gonna let other strong pics go through
and reference to the item itself though
any champion that's blessed with on-hit
effects is now God to you if they could
clear the jungle for shit like Master Yi
he's a beast jungle clear and once he
gets his devour farmed he can do a
hundred true damage every two auto
attacks because of his E and active core
items that's just as true damage taken
to account his actual auto attack damage
and the pass of magic damage from blade
of the ruined king itself shyvana is the
exact same way if not better because she
builds tank afterwards she's also a
power farmer and once you got this
devour stacked her damage gets
absolutely stupid hurry marks enemies
allowing her to do percentage HP damage
and her Q also adds on-hit effects her
kit with the blade of the ruined King
passive and the state of devour on hit
makes her do tons of fucking damage the
reason this item is so LP isn't just
because of these two champions it's
because so many others are getting
abused because of their kits and the
synergy they have with this item this
group of champions includes but isn't
limited to kale udyr vein aatrox warwick
fizz shins out and jax all of these
champions are able to carry a game with
sated but it's a timing that matters
keep in mind that just because some
champions synergize with the stated
passive doesn't mean there's suddenly
good junglers if you can't clear the
jungle for shit you'll literally just be
a burden to your team since you can't
get those sated stacks quick enough
especially if you pick an Alf meadow
champion thinking that the stated allen
head effects broken on them yet you fail
to get 30 stacks by 25 minutes now
before i made this video i wanted to try
the item out for myself before deeming a
topi i chose the jungle kale because
well she got buff this patch and I was
be good with her own she was AP however
I have he'll fucking idea how to build
kale so I just stacked a ton of on hit
damage as you can see I went pretty ham
this game and the pastor from the
Phantom here is opie why because it
allows on-hit effects to double every
other auto on champions at auto twice a
second it's basically a Shane without a
cool down and I have no idea how this
could be fixed all I know is that the
meta has flocked more towards farming
junglers who could synergize with the
Devourer why because you could carry
single-handedly with this item if you
could clear the jungle and your kit
synergizes with the item while have you
ever tried a champion with this enchant
what do you think about this in chan
leave your comments down below and
please like and subscribe if you enjoy
the content I'll see you guys soon
thanks